README.md, before:

# Velvet adds new functionalities to derpibooru.org
How nice !

## QUICK TAGS
Tired of always having to copy/paste the same tags on every artist's page ? Velvet offers a quick tag button, allowing you to insert in a snap your favorite tags in the query.

## ALIASES
You have other tags you often use ? You can set aliases to help you in the search field ! They work the same way aliases work in programmation languages : you set a name and what it corresponds to, and you're done !

## **NEW** ! A WILD DITTO OPERATOR APPEARED !
You often use the same query, but sometimes with AND operators, sometimes with OR ? Don't want to write two aliases for this ? Fret not ! The ditto operator is here ! With the help of this little guy, you can make two aliases in one ! When you type your query, just signal to Velvet which operator to use instead of ditto with the help of a customizable flag, and there you go, fresh and shiny !

## SETTINGS BUILT IN WEBSITE
To blend herself in a little more, Velvet's settings can be found directly in derpibooru's ! She inserts herself sneakily, as if she was part of the website !

## MORE TO COME...?
If suggestions and complaints are made, Velvet will probably evolve with some new and/or better functionnalities ! Who doesn't love improvements ?

Commit message:

Velvet reminder + removed * on empty query
Velvet reminder allows you to be remembered which picture was on top left when you were searching for a given query. That way, next time you come back, you'll know where you stopped.
Removed * on empty query, because Derpibooru advices to use it to access advanced search (pretty weird if you ask me)

README.md, after:

# Velvet adds new functionalities to derpibooru.org
How nice !

## QUICK TAGS
Tired of always having to copy/paste the same tags on every artist's page ? Velvet offers a quick tag button, allowing you to insert in a snap your favorite tags in the query.

## ALIASES
You have other tags you often use ? You can set aliases to help you in the search field ! They work the same way aliases work in programmation languages : you set a name and what it corresponds to, and you're done !

## **NEW** ! A WILD DITTO OPERATOR APPEARED !
You often use the same query, but sometimes with AND operators, sometimes with OR ? Don't want to write two aliases for this ? Fret not ! The ditto operator is here ! With the help of this little guy, you can make two aliases in one ! When you type your query, just signal to Velvet which operator to use instead of ditto with the help of a customizable flag, and there you go, fresh and shiny !

## **NEW** ! VELVET REMINDER, TO NEVER LOSE TIME AGAIN !
Have you ever roamed on Derpibooru, admiring an artist's beautiful designs or spending time searching for the best Twilight x Flash Sentry picture ever, and when you come back next time, there's a gazillion new pictures and you can't remember where you were ? Well, not anymore ! Velvet can tell you which picture was the top left picture on the page you were on your last visit !

## SETTINGS BUILT IN WEBSITE
To blend herself in a little more, Velvet's settings can be found directly in derpibooru's ! She inserts herself sneakily, as if she was part of the website !

## MORE TO COME...?
If suggestions and complaints are made, Velvet will probably evolve with some new and/or better functionnalities ! Who doesn't love improvements ?
